c:\users\crist\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ApiAngular\ApiAngular\bin\ApiAngular.dll.config
c:\users\crist\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ApiAngular\ApiAngular\bin\ApiAngular.dll
c:\users\crist\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ApiAngular\ApiAngular\bin\ApiAngular.pdb
c:\users\crist\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ApiAngular\ApiAngular\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.dll
c:\users\crist\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ApiAngular\ApiAngular\bin\BTLAngular.dll
c:\users\crist\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ApiAngular\ApiAngular\bin\DALAngular.dll
c:\users\crist\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ApiAngular\ApiAngular\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
c:\users\crist\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ApiAngular\ApiAngular\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\crist\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ApiAngular\ApiAngular\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.dll
c:\users\crist\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ApiAngular\ApiAngular\bin\System.Web.Cors.dll
c:\users\crist\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ApiAngular\ApiAngular\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
c:\users\crist\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ApiAngular\ApiAngular\bin\System.Web.Http.Cors.dll
c:\users\crist\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ApiAngular\ApiAngular\bin\System.Web.Http.dll
c:\users\crist\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ApiAngular\ApiAngular\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.dll
c:\users\crist\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ApiAngular\ApiAngular\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
c:\users\crist\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ApiAngular\ApiAngular\bin\System.Web.Optimization.dll
c:\users\crist\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ApiAngular\ApiAngular\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
c:\users\crist\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ApiAngular\ApiAngular\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
c:\users\crist\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ApiAngular\ApiAngular\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
c:\users\crist\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ApiAngular\ApiAngular\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
c:\users\crist\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ApiAngular\ApiAngular\bin\WebGrease.dll
c:\users\crist\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ApiAngular\ApiAngular\bin\BTLAngular.pdb
c:\users\crist\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ApiAngular\ApiAngular\bin\DALAngular.pdb
c:\users\crist\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ApiAngular\ApiAngular\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\users\crist\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ApiAngular\ApiAngular\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.xml
c:\users\crist\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ApiAngular\ApiAngular\bin\System.Web.Http.xml
c:\users\crist\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ApiAngular\ApiAngular\bin\System.Web.Http.Cors.xml
c:\users\crist\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ApiAngular\ApiAngular\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
c:\users\crist\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ApiAngular\ApiAngular\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.xml
c:\users\crist\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ApiAngular\ApiAngular\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
c:\users\crist\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ApiAngular\ApiAngular\bin\System.Web.Optimization.xml
c:\users\crist\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ApiAngular\ApiAngular\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
c:\users\crist\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ApiAngular\ApiAngular\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
c:\users\crist\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ApiAngular\ApiAngular\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
c:\users\crist\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ApiAngular\ApiAngular\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
c:\users\crist\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ApiAngular\ApiAngular\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.pdb
c:\users\crist\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ApiAngular\ApiAngular\bin\es\System.Net.Http.Formatting.resources.dll
c:\users\crist\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ApiAngular\ApiAngular\bin\es\System.Web.Http.resources.dll
c:\users\crist\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ApiAngular\ApiAngular\bin\es\System.Web.Http.Cors.resources.dll
c:\users\crist\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ApiAngular\ApiAngular\bin\es\System.Web.Helpers.resources.dll
c:\users\crist\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ApiAngular\ApiAngular\bin\es\System.Web.Http.WebHost.resources.dll
c:\users\crist\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ApiAngular\ApiAngular\bin\es\System.Web.Mvc.resources.dll
c:\users\crist\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ApiAngular\ApiAngular\bin\es\System.Web.Optimization.resources.dll
c:\users\crist\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ApiAngular\ApiAngular\bin\es\System.Web.Razor.resources.dll
c:\users\crist\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ApiAngular\ApiAngular\bin\es\System.Web.WebPages.resources.dll
c:\users\crist\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ApiAngular\ApiAngular\bin\es\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.resources.dll
c:\users\crist\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ApiAngular\ApiAngular\bin\es\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.resources.dll
c:\users\crist\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ApiAngular\ApiAngular\obj\Release\ApiAngular.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\crist\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ApiAngular\ApiAngular\obj\Release\ApiAngular.dll
c:\users\crist\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ApiAngular\ApiAngular\obj\Release\ApiAngular.pdb
C:\Users\crist\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ApiAngular\ApiAngular\bin\EntityFramework.dll
C:\Users\crist\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ApiAngular\ApiAngular\bin\EntityFramework.xml
